Revise organization group feature descriptions (#37219)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/organization_groups.md

Organization Groups lets administrators manage multiple Datadog organizations as a single unit. Instead of configuring roles, policies, and settings individually per organization, administrators define them once at the group level and push them to member organizations.

- **View and manage organizations in a group.** See all member organizations from the group and navigate between them.
- **Push policies from group to member organizations.** Define custom roles, access policies, and session settings in the parent organization and apply them to child organizations.
- **Manage users centrally.** Add or remove users across multiple organizations from the parent without per-organization invitations. [coming soon!] 

> - **Configure roles, teams, and Data Access Control policies across organizations.** Define access rules once and apply them across organizations. [coming soon!] 

Reviewer: We can't include temporal language like "coming soon" in the docs, which represent the product's current state, not predictions of the future. If these features are not currently available, we should omit these bullets entirely, and then add them back when available.
```suggestion
- **Manage users centrally.** Add or remove users across multiple organizations from the parent without per-organization invitations.
- **Configure roles, teams, and Data Access Control policies across organizations.** Define access rules once and apply them across organizations.
```

Author: this feature is in preview though. how should we tell costumers what's coming then?

Reviewer: Even for Preview features, the documentation should only include functionality that's currently available. For future development plans or product roadmap, it's probably better to communicate more directly to customers

Author: ok -- so i removed the two lines
